Added custom entity data parameters (#2007)
MCreator/MCreator: plugins/mcreator-localization/help/default/entity/data_type.md

> This is the type of the entity's variable. It can be a number, logic or String value.

Reviewer: Idk why 'string' word is not lowercased here outside Java code, also wondering why you are using 'type' and 'value' in the same context.
```suggestion
This option controls the type of this entity variable. Supported types are logic, number and string variables.
```

> This option controls the type of this entity variable. Supported types are logic, number and string variables.

Reviewer: Этот параметр указывает тип данной переменной. Поддерживаются логические (\_Logic_), числовые (\_Number_) и текстовые (\_String_) переменные.
